docs/src/man/dating.md, before:

# Dating Sequences

SpeedDate can perform its dating estimate in a few different ways.
The algorithm is the same in all cases, but you can run it for two sequences,
or pairwise between many sequences, or using a sliding window.


## Dating a pair of homologous sequences

To estimate the divergence time of a single pair of homologous sequences,
first use the `count_mutations` function, to get the number of mutations that
are observed between the two sequences. Then use the `estimate_time` function
on the result, providing a value for the assumed substitution rate μ. E.g.

```julia
m_count = count_mutations(seqa, seqb)
t_estimate = estimate_time(m_count, 10e-7) # μ = 10e-7
```

`estimate_time` returns a `DatingEstimate` struct that represents a CI 
for the divergence time estimate by containing values for the 5%, 50% and 95%
estimates.


## Pairwise dating of a set of homologous sequences

If you have a set of homologous sequences - say genes - and you want to estimate
the divergence time between each pair of sequences, SpeedDate allows you to do
this, giving you a symmetrical matrix as a result, where each cell is the result
for a pair of sequences.

First you use `count_mutions` on a vector of sequences, which gives you a matrix
of mutation counts. Then you can use `estimate_time` to get a matrix of time
estimates. E.g.

```julia
count_matrix = count_mutations([seqa, seqb, seqc, seqd])
t_matrix = estimate_time(m_count, 10e-7) # μ = 10e-7
```


## Dating a pair of homologous sequences over a sliding window

To estimate the divergence time of a single pair of homologous sequences, using
a sliding window, first use the `count_mutations` function, providing the
two sequences, as well as a value to use as the size (in base-pairs) of the
sliding window. The result can then be used with the `estimate_time` function.
E.g.

```julia
window_counts = count_mutations(seqa, seqb, 50) # 50bp sliding window.
window_estimate = estimate_time(window_counts, 10e-7) # μ = 10e-7
```

Commit message:

More function edits, more manual

docs/src/man/dating.md, after:

# Dating Sequences

You use SpeedDate in a very simple 2 step manner. First, count the mutations
between two sequences, and then you plug that information, plus a mutation rate
into the dating function.

You can use the basic functions, which work on a pair of sequences, plus other
BioJulia utilities to run any analysis of any combination of sequences you may
like. But there are also some extra methods of the basic functions provided for
convenience e.g. running sating between sequences in a sliding window, or doing
a pairwise analysis. The dating algorithm is the same in all cases, but you can
run it for two sequences, or pairwise between many sequences, or using a sliding
window.

Let's see some example use cases:

## Dating a pair of homologous sequences

To estimate the divergence time of a single pair of homologous sequences,
first use the `count_mutations` function, to get the number of mutations that
are observed between the two sequences. Then use the `estimate_time` function
on the result, providing a value for the assumed substitution rate μ. E.g.

```julia
m_count = count_mutations(seqa, seqb)
t_estimate = estimate_time(m_count, 10e-7) # μ = 10e-7
```

`estimate_time` returns a `DatingEstimate` struct that represents a CI 
for the divergence time estimate by containing values for the 5%, 50% and 95%
estimates.


## Pairwise dating of a set of homologous sequences

If you have a set of homologous sequences - say genes - and you want to estimate
the divergence time between each pair of sequences, SpeedDate allows you to do
this, giving you a symmetrical matrix as a result, where each cell is the result
for a pair of sequences.

First you use `count_mutions` on a vector of sequences, which gives you a matrix
of mutation counts. Then you can use `estimate_time` to get a matrix of time
estimates. E.g.

```julia
count_matrix = count_mutations([seqa, seqb, seqc, seqd])
t_matrix = estimate_time(m_count, 10e-7) # μ = 10e-7
```


## Dating a pair of homologous sequences over a sliding window

To estimate the divergence time of a single pair of homologous sequences, using
a sliding window, first use the `count_mutations` function, providing the
two sequences, as well as a value to use as the size (in base-pairs) of the
sliding window. The result can then be used with the `estimate_time` function.
E.g.

```julia
window_counts = count_mutations(seqa, seqb, 50) # 50bp sliding window.
window_estimate = estimate_time(window_counts, 10e-7) # μ = 10e-7
```
